all right I am sick still I'm very sick
so I thought this would be a simple
video that I could actually get through
reasonably well today we're gonna be
taking a look at the world's worst PC
bill submitted by you guys on Twitter
that was the only requirement just it
just has to suck so we're gonna take a
look at some of these atrocities and
violations against the PC community and
it should be really awful I can't wait
this video is brought to you by the
Corsair a 500 experienced high
performance air cooling with four direct
contact copper heat pipes a large
aluminum heatsink and dual ml 120 pwm
fans with slide and lock Kaiba justment
for increased RAM compatibility and easy
installation click on the link below for
more info let's just dive right in shall
we
holy crapola this is the first one and
it's it's a doozy is that an actual fire
I also love how there's a potentially
flammable aerosol can right next to said
fire that's great
at least they know what time it is
that's that's always important what the
heck is this a monitor I don't know if
this is a monitor but it looks like
there's some weird anime waifu chick on
it really weird and there's another
anime chick on the mousepad it looks
like looks like she's like half naked or
something like you can only imagine how
much hentai this computer had to be
exposed to before it decided to torch
itself holy crap this looks like the
aftermath of the fire PC because it just
there's so much dust in here it looks
like ash I'd be so satisfied to just
data vac the crap out of this thing you
can see like long strands of hair down
here is that hair or spiderwebs or
something lots of things have
accumulated not just dust here look at
these hard drives you can hardly read
the labels and the cables down here just
look at how much dust is caked into the
sleeving and does this person only have
three RAM sticks why what what happened
to the fourth one
it is that it is that a mouse
no way that's fake
right right holy that is a freaking
rodent was a living thing at some point
how does that even happen that can't be
good for airflow I mean it looks like
he's in the same position that that he
was in when he was trying to escape the
fan and then instead of his body just
flopping upon death rigor mortis kicked
in usually stiff as a board so I guess
that's why fan grill manufacturers are
still in business oh boy I've been
spitting the potato isn't even working
man you gotta you gotta like get at
least three potatoes to depower van come
on everyone knows that pizza laptop I
love it okay this is genius all right
you can fold it you know when you when
you got to go somewhere it was portable
on the go for travel and it's a it's a
sleeper you know people just see it as a
pizza box like yeah it's just probably
old pizza not worth stealing but you
open that sucker up you've got one bad
boy of a system that's ready to play
whatever crappy fighting game this is it
looks like he actually took out the
internals of a laptop like look at this
PCB here this might be the the keyboard
that was in the laptop and that
definitely looks like it could have been
the screen full of all the pizza grease
that's still home for bucks if he was
really dedicated he would have just
gotten an empty box that had no grease
on it you know just told the pizza guy
hey look I'm trying to turn this pizza
box into a laptop we've all been there
but now you've got a very greasy laptop
and there's not even any pepperoni what
the is that are those mushrooms what why
I don't this picture doesn't make any
sense to me first of all the GPUs not
even installed secondly why are there
mushrooms it looks like they're
positioned between the GPU fan blades
and they're just standing up I feel like
I'm missing something here am I missing
something here or am I not missing
anything at all and this is literally
just some mushrooms on a GPU you know
this looks like it looks like a evil
sorcerer trying to open up a portal to
Hell on a GPU
they just place the mushrooms into
Pentagon and wait for the demons to
start crawling out that's what's going
on here come no no way I this ones that
actually left me speechless how long
does the system have to be running and
where in what location for this to
happen was it in a cave running 24/7 for
30 years it doesn't even look real I
mean I'm guessing it is but it looks
like you know someone went to Party City
and got a bunch of fake cobwebs and just
like crammed as many of them as possible
into here the way that it's like hanging
like it's bridging gaps from the optical
drive to the power supply and then back
but you know it works like new and it's
only $1,000 so solid oh no no no no I
can't even look at that I can't even
look at that that's freaking disgusting
I can't
Oh clean your computer there's a lot
harder go through that I thought it'd be
cardboard PC yeah look at that hey
you've got you know proper cutouts for
ventilation and Nutella you've got
plenty of Nutella to go around that's
always good for computer builds it's
cool you can open or close the box if
you want to optimize it for silence
versus here well it's uh it's beautiful
I think this is the best PC we've come
across so no case here just a floor PC
now having your PC on the floor is
already bad enough but when you don't
even have a case that's it's even worse
because then you could like I don't know
step on something nothing's being
protected at this point certainly not
from dust it obviously clutters up the
room a bit coca-cola bottle propping up
the radiator like why why why is that
even necessary why not just put the
radiator on the floor at that point the
hard drive I mean the hard drive
especially is just it hurts to see the
hard drive just out like that and then
what is this box in the background
that's like partially on your
motherboard that doesn't seem to be
doing anything it looks like just
there's some trash down here at least
you've elevated your motherboard with
the GPU box there that's that's all you
need your
good-o yep I need somewhere to post this
this is me doing wifey sauces bill where
I forgot the G and a quarter inch plug
on the GP water block while I was
filling the loop so the fluid just shut
out and thank God for power supply
shrouds PSU shreds were just starting to
become a thing back then and they were
rare especially for a mini ITX case like
this one so had that PSU shared not been
there the fluid would have gone straight
into the power supply the PSU fan was
facing up so that fluid would have gone
straight into the fan grill straight
into the unit and it would have been it
would have been toast
good times what is this this looks like
some kind of saw contract like some
jigsaw want to play a game like some
kind of torture device for PC parts I
mean I feel like it has potential like
it kind of looked it looks very artsy
and interesting but I don't know about
the execution here I don't like how the
cables have to hang down straight in
front of the monitor that doesn't seem
good I mean what was the point of this
look could they not fit a PC anywhere
else was there nowhere else in the room
where they could have fit it we're out
of space we it has to be mounted in the
air the only way hi yes
The Verge the one and only verge PC I
knew that this would pop up I was hoping
it would so as far as the PC itself the
cable management alone is enough to make
anyone just shudder at the mere sight of
this thing it's awful okay
my favorite comment though at least some
attempt was made to manage the cables
with tweezers they did try to use some
tweezers over here but apart from the
cable management you've also got to RAM
sticks that are in the far too right
slots as opposed to being staggered so
that's that's already another fail right
there which is such an easy thing to I'm
not gonna get into it but you know what
baffles me even more than how terribly
this system turned out is the fact that
it was greenlit to be published in this
fashion to the Verge's audience to a
global audience really the Internet
where thousands of people would be
seeing it you would expect from a
company that large that they would never
let something like this fly it really
was and is a phenomenon in our in our
industry and I think that's why people
are still talking about the verge and
still poking fun at the verge today
because this was a failure of legendary
proportions that will not be forgotten
for a very long
it's actually kind of cool I don't know
I kind of like it this is still
preferred over a cardboard case because
cardboard is flimsy you know it's gonna
deteriorate over time at least this is
sturdy you know this plastic crate or
whatever isn't gonna go anywhere and
it's got tons of airflow you know I'm
sure if you didn't have a case if the
budget was really tight then this could
make a pretty decent open-air chassis
although you know I don't really like
the fact that they're using a million
zip ties or tweezers to secure some of
the hardware that just doesn't seem very
practical hey whatever works right if it
works it's not stupid although how is
this even secured because the GPU
literally has nothing to screw into
which means it's very unreliable it
could easily pop out in the middle of
use I mean at this point why not just
remove the side panel entirely and move
the tower on its side so the GPU
standing upright why even bother with
this it's like this person had way too
much time on their hands and really
wanted to use their new drummer another
one another jigsaw PC I love it
this one also looks just as sketchy as
the other with the monitors floating
this time to you what did you break the
stand or was vase on not around yet yeah
you know I've never seen this done
before I've never seen anyone suspend
their PC from the ceiling until now and
now this is the second time I've seen it
just today this is clearly a thing and
I'm sad that it is oh no no what is that
what even is that it just looks like
this PC was thrown in a dumpster
I mean look at the rust what even is
that though Christmas decorations like
teddy bear stuffing is a quinoa
maybe it's quinoa mm-hmm the hard travel
thing motherboards on is badly I'd be
afraid to have a psu just that close to
my face well guys I know what I'm gonna
be for Halloween 2020 I will be a human
PC just like this man has inspired me
too
thank you sir whoa whoa whoa whoa hold
on what what is this is this like a
laundry detergent container I don't know
what it is but I kind of love it I love
the fact that it has a handle like I'm a
sucker for PC cases with handles it's
pretty well thought out you've got front
panel USB I would assume maybe a power
button or something like that
you've got an exhaust fan maybe another
small fan here I can't tell what that is
exactly your motherboard I oh you've got
a GPU mounted vertically here that's
definitely not you know you're using
some sort of riser cable here because
your your GPU is mounted parallel with
your your motherboard it's not a sound
card down there maybe I don't know and
then your power supply right there
interesting I'd love to see the inside
of this thing just to see exactly what's
going on and then what is the is the
pump still functional please tell me you
can still dispense a laundry detergent
from this thing oh my god is this the
pizza bot the same pizza box oh it's a
different one but pizza box laptop PC
strikes again I like how this has a
mouse inside the pizza box I don't see
any grease on this one so that's that's
plus we're getting somewhere
no no just alright you know what I think
we've subjected our eyeballs to enough
horrific sites for one day so I'm gonna
cut it off here guys thank you so much
for watching this video let me know what
you thought was the worst PC that we
looked at today I'll select on the video
if you enjoyed it get subscribe for more
tech content on the way and feel free to
check out bit with tech our merchandise
store where you can pick up a variety of
high quality merchants cluding shirts
hoodies pint glasses mugs beer openers
glasses and more all these high-quality
pieces are guaranteed to make you feel
good although they will not prevent your
system from catching fire till next time
guys thank you so much for watching this
one have a good one and I'll see you all
in the next video